I have the two Salzburger here
Unfortunately, marcel and nico have something today
Offenbach table leader of the
regionalliga südwest with 1 0 scarce
you can say you lost yourself
still sold here quite well that
In any case, we have each other
in my opinion or better at all
When he calls you on the trigger and act in
the second half everything under
has played out a control on well
second good occasion the pie
insurance or other houses that
quäntchen luck was missing around here with three
pull out points
we were not getting stronger playfully
the control over the game we have
extremely good header player at
She burnt times and standards
could law well as well for a long time
won is heard on the headphones
luck has me the thing of course
It can be true
fantastic scenery just under 10,000
spectators special event marcel on
In any case, I have it last week
already said so many spectators
but not yet played but despite
That was not all
cause uncertainty but theirs
In my opinion, we have motivation
us all ripped the ass and
have the fans tried from here values
but they just do not have it
shall be
nico how was it for you
Warmmachen already out there belong to
in this beautiful stadium on the Bieberer
mountain the scenery felt that the
atmosphere has felt and again
so many fans from mannheim came to the
you loudly support that
we-feel is a young player
in it
yes it is cool if you looked at the left
and she is our band seeed and blue
black and much of them knows
because you first with the student
arrive
naturally pushes the david I do
cool on this derby this time at 180
and just bitch on this
game
Marcel was once again a question I was driving
Now it's strange
an unusual constellation that
two brothers at the same level
cooperation in the regionalliga
each walked away together
how is it like that when you're together
I would play in a landscape
say that for everyone's understanding
good case so i know exactly where he is
he goes where he wants the balls
and on the other hand it's always nice
second quasi two-pronged to have it
because together relieved as a couple
there are sometimes at home alone
disagreements then pops it
sometimes or how can you do that
introduces at home less recently
Last training week has a short time
on the square there must be synonymous if she the
Function high and aggressiveness must
program
and intersects after training
water is good but overall
to hold that one two
Football crazy brothers together on the
Platz has everything for the club
is leading in any case, especially
over you, I thank you for danger